Duet AI  documentation lookup prompts for Beam ML (#30351)
apache/beam: learning/prompts/documentation-lookup-nolinks/33_ai_ml_pipelines.md

Prompt:
How can I use Apache Beam in my AI/ML pipeline?

Response:
Apache Beam is an open source, unified programming model for defining both batch and streaming data-parallel processing pipelines.Each Apache Beam pipeline is a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) of data processing operations constructed using Apache Beam SDK in one of the supported languages.

To run a pipeline you need to deploy it to one of the supported Beam runners.

You can use Apache Beam for various tasks within your AI/ML pipeline, including data validation, preprocessing, model validation, and model deployment and inference.

Apache Beam offers a rich set of I/O connectors and `PTransforms` that allow for reading and writing data from and to various data sources and sinks, as well as performing data validation.

For data preprocessing, Apache Beam provides the `MLTransform` class. This feature allows you to ensure data consistency by applying the same preprocessing steps for both training and inference.

> Additionally, Apache Beam allows integration with pre-trained models from `PyTorch`, `Scikit-learn`, and `TensorFlow`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, Apache Beam allows integration with pre-trained models from PyTorch, Scikit-learn, and TensorFlow.
```

To execute machine learning inference tasks, Apache Beam provides the RunInference API.
`RunInference` is a `PTransform` that supports the usage of any custom models. For an example of running inference on a custom model loaded with `spaCy`, refer to examples in the Apache Beam GitHub repository.

The `RunInference` transform efficiently handles models of any size, making it suitable for large language models (LLMs) and other complex architectures. You can find an example of deploying and performing inference on large language models (LLMs) in the RunInference section of the Apache Beam documentation.

> For more information on implementing AI/ML pipelines using Apache Beam, see the `Get started with AI/ML pipelines` section in the Apache Beam documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on implementing AI/ML pipelines using Apache Beam, see the 'Get started with AI/ML pipelines' section in the Apache Beam documentation.
```
